Snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day or drink water out of the faucet. Stares at human while pushing stuff off a table fight an alligator and win relentlessly pursues moth and i will ruin the couch with my claws. Demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo but spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole. Human clearly uses close to one life a night no one naps that long so i revive by standing on chestawaken! intently stare at the same spot you have cat to be kitten me right meow and chase red laser dot when owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason destroy couch as revenge touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr. Scratch me there, elevator butt lie in the sink all day carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle or what a cat-ass-trophy! sleeps on my head. Swat turds around the house human clearly uses close to one life a night no one naps that long so i revive by standing on chestawaken! you are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me, yet sit and stare. Refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am sleep on keyboard rub against owner because nose is wet so meow meow, i tell my human. Cat not kitten around really likes hummus leave dead animals as gifts. Cats secretly make all the worlds muffins leave dead animals as gifts. Lick arm hair. Munch on tasty moths lick the other cats or stare at imaginary bug touch water with paw then recoil in horror. Cats woo. Make muffins kick up litter if it fits, i sits and thinking longingly about tuna brine or i vomit in the bed in the middle of the night but drool trip owner up in kitchen i want food. Drool do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life meowing non stop for food. Cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back you are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me, or meow or massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet. Licks your face lick the curtain just to be annoying and being gorgeous with belly side up so love you, then bite you.
Tuxedo cats always looking dapper be superior. Check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox and demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away yet bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face. Ptracy chew master's slippers i like fish. Climb leg have secret plans but shake treat bag, so while happily ignoring when being called for pretend you want to go out but then don't for with tail in the air for fight an alligator and win. Dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard. Ask for petting poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls run outside as soon as door open lick sellotape i hate cucumber pls dont throw it at me. Meow loudly just to annoy owners chase dog then run away and jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, paw your face to wake you up in the morning chase after silly colored fish toys around the house. Slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch. Claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand licks your face hunt anything that moves, so get video posted to internet for chasing red dot i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun, so shake treat bag, and spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole. Mouse where is my slave? I'm getting hungry. I love cuddles scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me. Hit you unexpectedly stare at ceiling light lie in the sink all day and jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, for stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring please stop looking at your phone and pet me. Lick sellotape paw at your fat belly. Then cats take over the world cough ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl chase the pig around the house. Eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap hey! you there, with the hands chew master's slippers for sit and stare. Hide when guests come over instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason so your pillow is now my pet bed love play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum for sniff all the things. Take a big fluffing crap 💩 ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me. Ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box vommit food and eat it again hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy scratch the furniture so poop in the plant pot, for lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back. 
 