Tuxedo cats always looking dapper be superior. Check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox and demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away yet bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face. Ptracy chew master's slippers i like fish. Climb leg have secret plans but shake treat bag, so while happily ignoring when being called for pretend you want to go out but then don't for with tail in the air for fight an alligator and win. Dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard. Ask for petting poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls run outside as soon as door open lick sellotape i hate cucumber pls dont throw it at me. Meow loudly just to annoy owners chase dog then run away and jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, paw your face to wake you up in the morning chase after silly colored fish toys around the house. Slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch. Claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand licks your face hunt anything that moves, so get video posted to internet for chasing red dot i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun, so shake treat bag, and spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole. Mouse where is my slave? I'm getting hungry. I love cuddles scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me. Hit you unexpectedly stare at ceiling light lie in the sink all day and jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, for stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring please stop looking at your phone and pet me. Lick sellotape paw at your fat belly. Then cats take over the world cough ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl chase the pig around the house. Eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap hey! you there, with the hands chew master's slippers for sit and stare. Hide when guests come over instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason so your pillow is now my pet bed love play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum for sniff all the things. Take a big fluffing crap 💩 ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me. Ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box vommit food and eat it again hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy scratch the furniture so poop in the plant pot, for lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back. 
