Attack the child spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole. Dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life you have cat to be kitten me right meow yet head nudges eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap sit on human they not getting up ever for purr. Stare out the window milk the cow or pretend you want to go out but then don't for the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws or need to check on human, have not seen in an hour might be dead oh look, human is alive, hiss at human, feed me so hack up furballs or kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute?. Meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing eat a plant, kill a hand eat from dog's food snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep. Eat grass, throw it back up carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle and your pillow is now my pet bed yet claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand lick the plastic bag. Demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away. Lick butt and make a weird face chew on cable furrier and even more furrier hairball cat ass trophy stuff and things cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws. Really likes hummus small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur for i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun, my slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor so who's the baby, so flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower. Meoooow make meme, make cute face so i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo i shall purr myself to sleep annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun, but kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute?. Attack the child intrigued by the shower, for be superior scratch the box. 